Homebrew sbt for MacOS (#3762)
chipsalliance/chisel: docs/src/installation.md

```sh
sudo port install sbt
```

> or with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/):
```

Stylistic nit.

Author: I am using the Homebrew version of sbt. Just installed it and reinstalled it to check. The issue is that brew then installs Java 21, which is broken with sbt (similar to the issue you link to). After uninstalling Java 21 from brew (`brew uninstall --ignore-dependencies java`) it works again. So I don't know what is best. As many MacOs users are using brew, I would include it. Maybe add the warning about Java 21.

```sh
sudo port install sbt
```
or with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)

```sh
brew install sbt
```

> 
> Note that `brew` installs the latest version of Java (21) as a dependency of `sbt`. However, that version is broken. To revert to an older Java version installed (not with `brew`), remove the `brew` version of Java with:
> 
> ```sh
> uninstall --ignore-dependencies java
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion

::: warning

Note that `brew` installs the latest version of Java as a dependency of `sbt` even though that version of Java is not actually supported by SBT.
Users are advised to remove the `brew` version of Java with the following command:

```sh
brew uninstall --ignore-dependencies java
```

:::
````
I'm gonna up the urgency of comment a little bit to hopefully save some users some grief.
